Release-notes for 0.10 (#3950)
FEniCS/dolfinx: python/doc/source/release_notes.md

The new {py:class}`NonlinearProblem<dolfinx.fem.petsc.NonlinearProblem>` has additional support for blocked systems,
such as {py:attr}`NEST<petsc4py.PETSc.Mat.Type.NEST>` by supplying `kind="nest"` to its intializer. See the documentation for further
information.

#### Improved {py:class}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.LinearProblem`

- The {py:class}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.LinearProblem` now support blocked problems, either specified manually or by using
  {py:func}`ufl.extract_blocks`. By changing the input-argument `kind`, the user can now decide if they want to use
  the DOLFINx blocked PETSc implementation (`kind="mpi"`) or the `kind=`{py:attr}`"nest"<petsc4py.PETSc.Mat.Type.NEST>`.
- The default behavior for non-blocked systems remains the same as before.
- The users can now also specify a (blocked) form for preconditioning through the `P` keyword argument in the constructor.

#### Assembly routines

In earlier versions of DOLFINx, there were three assembly routines for {py:class}`PETSc.Vec<petsc4py.PETSc.Vec>` and {py:class}`PETSc.Mat<petsc4py.PETSc.Mat>`:
- `assemble_*`
- `assemble_*_block`
- `assemble_*_nest`

> This was confusing to users, and causing alot of duplicate logic in codes.

Reviewer: Best not to tell users what they found confusing - the justification to improve things is enough.

Therefore, we have unified all these assembly routines under {py:func}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.assemble_vector` and {py:func}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.assemble_matrix`.
The input keyword argument `kind` selects the relevant assembler routine.
See for instance the [Stokes demo](./demos/demo_stokes) for a detailed introduction.
Similar changes has been done to {py:func}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.apply_lifting`.

#### Linear algebra submodule

There is now a sub-module ({py:mod}`dolfinx.la.petsc`) containing PETSc LA operations.

#### Interpolation

> 

Reviewer 2: Authors missing?

Author: I put all of these as a subsection of the PETSc interface. (Author is Garth, which is mentioned at the top of the `###  PETSc API` header.

see examples of how to work with blocked problems.

*TODO*: Add profiling of blocked/mixed-element vs mixedfunction-space.

#### Usage of {py:class}`ufl.ZeroBaseForm`

**Author**:  [Garth N. Wells](https://github.com/garth-wells)
For a long time, it has not been possible to specify the right hand side of a linear PDE as empty.
This means that users often have had to resolve to adding `dolfinx.fem.Constant(mesh, 0.0)*v*ufl.dx`
to ensure that one can use the dolfinx form compilation functions.
With the introduction of {py:class}`ufl.ZeroBaseForm` this is no longer required.
The aforementioned workaround can now be reduced to `ufl.ZeroBaseForm((v, ))`, which avoid extra
assembly calls within DOLFINx.

### Form compiler and integral types
**Author**: [Susanne Claus](https://github.com/sclaus2), [Paul T. Kühner](https://github.com/schnellerhase),
and [Jørgen S. Dokken](https://github.com/jorgensd)
- The tabulation kernels now have an extra input, a `void*`, to make it possible to pass custom data for custom kernels.
- New {py:class}`dolfinx.fem.IntegralType` support
  - Vertex integrals: {py:obj}`ufl.dP`
  - Ridge integrals (codim=2); {py:obj}`uf.dr`

> - One can now assemble the diagonal of a bi-linear form into a matrix by adding `form_compiler_options={"part":"diagonal"}`

Author: ```suggestion
- One can now assemble the diagonal of a bilinear form into a vector by adding `form_compiler_options={"part":"diagonal"}`
```

> - One can now assemble the diagonal of a bi-linear form into a matrix by adding `form_compiler_options={"part":"diagonal"}`

Reviewer: bilinear

  when calling {py:func}`dolfinx.fem.form`. Instead of calling {py:func}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.assemble_matrix` one should now call
  {py:func}`dolfinx.fem.petsc.assemble_vector`. This is useful for matrix-free solvers with Jacobi smoothing.

### Mesh

**Authors**: [Paul T. Kühner](https://github.com/schnellerhase), [Joe Dean](https://github.com/jpdean/),
[Garth N. Wells](https://github.com/garth-wells), [Jørgen S. Dokken](https://github.com/jorgensd) and [Chris Richardson](https://github.com/chrisrichardson)

- Uniform mesh refinement of all {py:class}`CellTypes<dolfinx.mesh.CellType>` is available through

> {py:func}`dolfinx.mesh.refine` by not passing in any edges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Uniform mesh refinement of all {py:class}`CellTypes<dolfinx.mesh.CellType>` is available through
{py:func}`dolfinx.mesh.uniform_refine`.
```

- Branching meshes, such as t-joints and 1D graphs are now supported as input meshes to DOLFINx. To ensure proper
  partitioning in parallel, one should change the default option `max_facet_to_cell_links` to how many cells a facet
  can be attached to in {py:meth}`dolfinx.io.XDMFFile.read_mesh`, {py:func}`dolfinx.io.vtkhd.read_mesh` and
  {py:func}`dolfinx.mesh.create_mesh`.
- One can no longer use `set_connectivity` or `set_index_map` to modify {py:class}`dolfinx.mesh.Topology`

>   objects. Any connectivity that is not `(tdim, 0)`, (`tdim`, `tdim`) or `(0, 0)` should be created withed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  objects. Any connectivity that is not `(tdim, 0)`, (`tdim`, `tdim`) or `(0, 0)` should be created with
```
